shut down anybody by turning turning up
hey jamie pete put it shut down we just
fuck about my fans every minute mark you
when they shut down a bitch Ross me
daddy
rest in peace links russian we do this
by me no time you say but when i will
oppose me because of my keynote I don't
know you're somebody know my pictures
that you're back onto the shore I'll be
rolling by don't check out the no
smoking sign they tried to show me sure
disable don't charge for Alicia god
those are the one I prisoner by shiny
just Melissa be emojis a skater police
we don't this is you know politician
everybody on the same mission don't get
down Fashion Week it my way to the sauce
is in the front row in the black finish
my gosh the rolling he shot down
now you wanna act like a cheap for the
copper say it was late Sarah sup say no
equal don't eat pussy like but you know
on your eat a little at Yahoo we say doc
pick up the red gold and green justify
ice cream cheese I read it correctly is
it a winner upset you getting turns over
your fendi i sold it before the shit
okay i'll make you expect me he's in the
back to Missouri's out where do I wrote
be put a laptop by wawa say
intimidated and it's just not experts on
primetime TV different cars got you imma
bring my girls Gyu man to walk on a car
key to the fuck the flag Rosa parts just
me you don't wanna see me later when I
object let's run away back down the shit
up a new so far I was in carving shut
down on your cock a central part I will
you talk about food I'm like where
should I start what distracted 16 bars
in cape on a heart running right even
Costolo going enjoy my slope they wanna
know how I did it with no label or a
nice comes out so go to start down
hey in the front row in the late pop
back yeah bedrooms we got milk rels
early shorts DJ maximum when I want to
choose black Jew Chris my family love
and respect looky world